GOLF SCORECARD PROJECT:
-The score card will have all the functionality that a golfer would need such as yardage per hole, par per hole, be able to select the tees wanted etc.
-We’ll be using an api to get the course information. Documentation and a JSON example of course info found here: 

USE/LOOK:
  http://golf-courses-api.herokuapp.com

RUBRIC:
  1- Create the main scoring table with columns for each hole, out score, in score, and total score.
  2- Create row that loads par for each hole from course data and displays in table. Row needs "total" column for sum of all 18 holes.
  3- Create row that loads yardage for each hole from course data and displays in table. Include column for total yardage.
  4- Create row to keep track of player's score. This row should allow users to enter name and score for each hole. When user types in a score for a hole, the out, in, and total columns should update. This row should validate that players can only enter numbers as their score and that no two players have the same name.
  5- Add some CSS to style the card to look like an actual golf card.
  6- Create a row that loads handicap for each hole.
  7- Allow users to select which tee will be using (Men's, Women's, Pro, Amateur, etc.) When they change selection, the yardage should update to reflect the selection.
  8- Allow up to four players in your score card. Each player score row should still total up the scores on that row.
  9- Once a user has entered their last hole's score, give them a message that shows them their total score relative to par (+5, -10, etc) and a few words describing their score (i.e., positive score: "Better luck next time", negative score: "On to the PGA!") No alerts please.
  10- Use the golf data API to bring in the data for the golf course(s).
  11- Your golf scorecard is responsive (mobile friendly). 
  12- Allow the golfer to select any golf course that is available from the api. The scorecard will show the new golf course information (par, yardage, etc.) (3 points)
  13- Minimum of 5+ commits (2 points)